On a cold December morning, a young boy named Jack woke up and went through his usual morning routine. As he looked out the window, he saw the old, worn out Christmas tree in the yard of the neighbor across the street. Most of the elderly people in the neighborhood loved the tree, but to Jack it looked outdated and used. He decided that he wanted to become a Santa himself and make the younger kids in the neighborhood happy, since the elderly seemed to lack love for them.

After getting dressed and eating breakfast, Jack went to the store to buy food and toys for the younger children. As he was walking back home, he heard a loud honk and a big bang. He looked out the window and saw that two cars had crashed into each other - one car and a tanker. The tanker was leaking an unknown fluid and the driver of the car was dead. There didn't seem to be anyone in the tanker, but there was an unknown bystander - a homeless person wearing a Christmas hat.

The mess was cleaned up and the driver's body was buried near the tree as a memorial. It turned out that the driver was the old hag from across the street, who no one had appreciated. Days passed in darkness and sadness. Jack decided to put down gifts for everyone in the neighborhood, including the old hag.

On Christmas Eve, everyone in the neighborhood except for a few people gathered around the tree. The tree looked more lively and well-kept, with colorful decorations and lit candles. Everyone was amazed by the tree, so much so that they didn't even notice that some people were missing. Kids were playing on sleds and the tree was shimmering in the distance, its Christmas balls shining brightly.

Suddenly, the homeless person showed up and stood watching the grave of the old hag. They began to laugh and started to dig a hole the size of a child. The tree started to shake off its snow and everyone became suspicious. They quickly unpacked their gifts and went inside their houses. The homeless person took the old hag's gift, a ruined and gray Santa costume, and also stole a child's sled before leaving. Jack had to decide whether to chase after the homeless person or help the other villagers remove the broken branches from the tree.
